AppSSO: add release notes for TAP 1.4 (#3)
ddubson/docs-tap: release-notes.hbs.md

default. [CNRs](cloud-native-runtimes/about.hbs.md), [AppSSO](app-sso/about.hbs.md), and [TAP GUI](tap-gui/about.hbs.md)
are using this issuer to secure ingress. In upcoming releases all components will support it eventually.

> #### <a id="1-4-0-appsso-nf"></a> Application Single Sign-On (AppSSO)

Reviewer: **[issue]:** The new features do not mention AppSSO participation in the `shared.ingress_issuer` with `default_authserver_clusterissuer`. When set, `AuthServer.spec.tls` is optional.

> * Added `tls.deactivated` to `AuthServer.spec` (deprecating `tls.disabled`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `AuthServer.spec.tls.deactivated` (deprecating `AuthServer.spec.tls.disabled`).
```

> * Added ability to configure AuthServer storage using ProvisionedService-style API.

Reviewer: **[issue]**: This does not do it justice at all. We want fanfares! And confetti! You can now bring your own Redis!!!111 That is worth a parade **and** a holiday.

Author: Best I can do is move it up in the list and link to the storage docs page :-)

* Removed `issuerURI` from `Authserver.spec`.

> * Removed `LastParentGenerationWithRestart` from `AuthServer` Deployment.

Reviewer: **[issue]:** These are breaking changes and correctly listed in the relevant section.

Author: Will remove.

* `AuthServer.spec.tls` now optional when a default issuer is defined.

> * `tokenSignatures` in `AuthServer.spec` are now required to create an `AuthServer` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AuthServer.spec.tokenSignatures` is now a required field.
```

> * Certificate Authorities (CAs) are trusted per AuthServer. Configured at TAP level or per-AuthServer with `.spec.caCerts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In addition to globally trusted CA certificates, granular trust can be extended with `AuthServer.spec.caCerts`.
```

> * LDAP features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* LDAP is now a _supported_ identity provider protocol. Learn [more](app-sso/service-operators/identity-providers.hbs.md#ldap-experimental).
```

This release has the following breaking changes, listed by area and component.

#### <a id="1-4-0-appsso-bc"></a> Application Single Sign-On (AppSSO)

- Removed `identityProvider.ldap.group.search{Filter,Base,Depth,SubTree}` in `AuthServer.spec`. Introduce `ldap.group.search: {}` instead. If `ldap.group` is defined, and `ldap.group.search` is not defined, then the LDAP will be considered to be an ActiveDirectory style LDAP, and groups will be loaded from the user's `memberOf` attribute. If `ldap.group` is defined, and `ldap.group.search` is also defined, then it will be considered a Classic LDAP, and group search will be done through searching in the `ldap.group.search.base`. Before, there used to be a mixed mode, when both searches were attempted every time.

> - Removed `spec.identityProviders.ldap.server` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `spec.identityProviders.ldap.server` field.
```

> - Removed field `LastParentGenerationWithRestart` from the `AuthServer` Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed field `AuthServer.status.deployments.authServer.lastParentGenerationWithRestart`
```

> - Removed deprecated field `issuerURI` from the `Authserver.spec`. Issuer URI is now dynamically generated based on TAP's `shared.ingress_domain` value.

Reviewer: > Issuer URI is now dynamically generated based on TAP's `shared.ingress_domain` value.

**[issue]**: This is only part of the truth. Instead, I suggest to link to `app-sso/service-operators/issuer-uri-and-tls.hbs.md`.

- Now periodically checks the original API specification from the defined location to find changes, and registers any changes into the `API Descriptor`, triggering also the reconciliation into the Tanzu Application Platform GUI catalog. This synchronization period or frequency is configurable through the new value `sync_period`. The default value is 5 minutes.

#### <a id="1-4-0-appsso-ri"></a> Application Single Sign-On (AppSSO)

- Fixes infinite redirect loops for an AuthServer configured with a single OIDC or SAML identity provider.
- Authorization Code request rejected audit event from anonymous users log IP address.
- AuthServer now longer attempts to configure Redis event listeners.
- OpenShift: custom Security Context Constraint is created for Kubernetes platforms versions 1.23.x and below.

> - LDAP error logging now contains proper error message.

Reviewer: **[suggestion, non-blocking]:** Use backticks and underscores to highlight CRs and names for visual delight.

This release has the following known issues, listed by area and component.

#### <a id="1-4-0-appsso-ki"></a> Application Single Sign-On 

**`ClientRegistration` resource and a Secret resource with the same name and namespace cannot co-exist**

When creating a `ClientRegistration` in a given namespace, ensure that there is no `Secret` resource with
the same name as the `ClientRegistration` otherwise AppSSO may malfunction. This issue will be addressed

> in the next TAP version.

Reviewer: **[suggestion]**: I appreciate the _Known Issues_ section in TAP's release notes, but I am wondering if we should include this in AppSSO's component docs at least as well.

**[issue, nit]**: There're many more possible resources collisions than just this one. `AuthServer`-owned resources can collide as well. See [#184031220](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/184031220).

Author: Shall we remove this completely? Since we now have a story to address this, this may not be "needed"

Author: Removing block

The following features, listed by component, are deprecated.
Deprecated features will remain on this list until they are retired from Tanzu Application Platform.

#### <a id="1-4-0-app-sso-deprecations"></a> Application Single Sign-On (AppSSO)

> - `AuthServer.spec.tls.disabled` is deprecated and marked for removal in the next release.  You can migrate
>   to `AuthServer.spec.tls.disabled` by following instructions in [AppSSO migration guides](app-sso/upgrades/index.md#migration-guides).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AuthServer.spec.tls.disabled` is deprecated and marked for removal in the next release.  Please, migrate
  to `AuthServer.spec.tls.deactivated` by following instructions in [AppSSO migration guides](app-sso/upgrades/index.md#migration-guides).
```
